Example SystemD service file (#1422)
tgstation/tgstation-server: README.md

#### Linux (Native)

> It is recommended to run TGS using a systemd script. An example script is provided in the base directory, and assumes that TGS is installed under /opt/tgs

Reviewer: I still can't recommend this because it can cause unforseen issues that are already accounted for in the Docker version

Author: ```suggestion
An example systemd script is provided in the base directory, which assumes that TGS is installed under `/opt/tgs`
If you are experiencing issues using systemd to host TGS and have confirmed all requisites are installed, consider using the docker setup seen below.
```

#### Linux (Native)

An example systemd script is provided in the base directory, which assumes that TGS is installed under `/opt/tgs`

> If you are experiencing issues using systemd to host TGS and have confirmed all requisites are installed, consider using the docker setup seen below.

Author: @Cyberboss 
This better?

#### Docker (Linux)

> tgstation-server supports running in a docker container although it is only recommended if you are having issues running it natively. The official image repository is located at https://hub.docker.com/r/tgstation/server. It can also be built locally by running `docker build . -f build/Dockerfile -t <your tag name>` in the repository root.

Reviewer 2: I'd still argue that it is the recommended method for running TGS, to be honest.
